Voyager to Shuttlecraft Drake.
JANEWAY:
emergency transport.
Prepare for
Mr. Kim, can you hear me?
to lock onto you.
We're attempting
Harry?
WOMAN:
Hey, it's time to wake up.
What's wrong?
Libby...
Yes?
This can't be happening.
What's wrong with you?
Libby, it's really
you, isn't it?
Come on. You're going
to be late.
What?
You have a meeting.
0900, remember?
You've only been obsessing
about it for a week.
Lieutenant Lasca blaming me
I don't want
because you weren't on time
for the biggest meeting
of your career.
Now, get dressed and I'll
make you some breakfast.
The eggs are getting cold.
Come on.
What's with you today?
What's the date?
The date.
The date?
What day is today?
49011.
So this isn't the past,
it's the present.
San Francisco.
This can't be a dream.
It's too... real.
It's too clear.
So what does that leave?
A holodeck?
A hallucination?
Some kind of trick?
remember was piloting
The last thing I
on my way back to Voyager.
a shuttlecraft
We have a long day ahead of us.
Could we play this little game
another time, please?
No...
you can't be Libby.
It's not possible.
Ensign Harry Kim
My name is
of the Federation
Starship Voyager.
Where am I?
Is this some sort
of simulation?
funny, Harry.
That's not
Voyager like that.
Talking about
The memorial service was
only two months ago.
Danny was your
best friend.
How could you joke
about that?
Danny... Danny Byrd?
this conversation.
I'm done with
Go to work.
I'll see you
tonight.
What is going on?
Harry!
MAN:
Coming right up.
Here you go.
Vulcan mocha,
extra sweet.
Thanks.
the big day, huh?
So, today's
What do you mean?
You know, the meeting.
you're designing.
The new ship
And don't forget, you promised
to bring me a model.
And I'm going to hang it
right there in my window
and I'll tell everyone
he designed that ship.
"Harry Kim,
He came into my shop
every morning."
Look, I know this is going
to sound a little funny
coming to this coffee shop?
but how long have I been
How long?
Since you left the academy.
Well, let's see.
Eight... eight months.
How long is that?
Eight months?
And you've seen me every day?
Well, not every day.
You like to sleep
late on Sunday.
But if had your fiancée,
I'd sleep late too.
Fiancée?
We're getting married?
many mornings I woke up
Ahh, yes. There were
I said the same thing to myself
when I was about to be married
but don't worry. It will pass.
I don't think you've ever had
a morning quite like this one.
Hey, Harry! You ready to go?
Um... where?
Very funny. Come on.
if we're going to catch
We better get moving
to headquarters.
the transport
I'm not sure I can go.
I'm not feeling very well.
Maybe I should just go home.
Come on, come on.
It's just a case
of the jitters.
You'll do just fine.
Relax, Harry.
If all goes well, you'll walk
out of this room a lieutenant.
warp coil schematic.
Let me see that
The what?
The coil diagram...
plasma flow equations.
the one with the new
to bring it.
I forgot
Forgot?
that diagram to show
Harry, we need
the dilithium fracture problem.
that we've worked out
I'm sorry.
have to improvise.
Well, we'll just
Good morning.
the head of Starfleet Security.
I have a meeting at 1100 with
to be kept waiting.
She doesn't like
Let's get this underway.
Lieutenant Lasca?
Thank you, admiral.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the new runabout Yellowstone.
you are looking at
tetrion plasma warp nacelles
It's equipped with
and designed for a variety
of mission profiles.
Yes, Lieutenant, I've looked
over your specifications.
It's an interesting design,
but how do you propose
to address the dilithium
fracture problem?
tends to disrupt subspace.
Tetrion plasma
asked that question, sir.
I'm actually glad you
LASCA:
We've been working on the
problem for several weeks
that we have found an answer.
and I think you'll see
introduce you
I'd like to
to the engineer
who designed
these new warp engines.
And, I might add,
he is the most promising
young engineer
to come out of the academy
in a long time.
Ensign Harry Kim.
Harry.
Is there a problem,
STRICKLER:
Ensign?
Actually, sir, there is.
Pull it together.
Come on, Harry.
for this for six months.
We've been waiting
Ensign, are you ill?
Yes, sir.
I'm very ill.
I would like to...
continue this presentation
at a later date.
Well, unfortunately, Ensign,
for a three-week tour
I'm leaving
of the Cardassian border
in a few days.
It will have to wait
until after then.
Harry... you better be dying.
I guess I'm pretty good.
display my service record.
Computer,
"Graduated Starfleet Academy,
stardate 47918.
on U.S.S. Voyager.
"Requested duty
"Request... denied.
"Requested transfer to Starfleet
engineering corps.
"Transfer approved.
"Starship design specialist.
"Awarded the Cochrane
Medal of Excellence
for Outstanding Advances
in Warp Theory."
Computer, access Starfleet
Science Academy database.
any temporal anomalies
Have there been
reported in the last 48 hours?
in the space-time continuum
COMPUTER:
Negative.
No temporal anomalies
have been reported.
has there been any contact
Computer,
with the starship Voyager
Since it was lost
in the badlands?
Information on U.S.S. Voyager
is classified.
level three or above
Security clearance
is required to access files.
No problem. It's my ship.
Or at least I thought it was.
Security authorization
accepted.
Last recorded contact
prior to its disappearance
with U.S.S. Voyager
was on stardate 48307.5.
Access Voyager crew manifest.
Who was the operations officer
on board?
Ensign Daniel Byrd.
Danny.
Harry.
What are you doing
back so early?
Oh. Hi.
I wasn't feeling too well,
so I decided to come home.
You don't look
sick to me.
visit with Libby, are we?
Coming home for a little
Ah, to be young.
Don't worry. I'll
keep your secret.
Thanks.
Listen, I know this is
going to sound strange
but I forgot to look
at the street number
when I left this morning
which building I live in.
and I don't remember
Could you...?
where you live?
Tell you
some kind of a prank
You're not playing
on your old pal
Cosimo, are you?
No. Like I said...
feeling well and...
I haven't been
kind of foggy.
everything's
Okay, okay, okay.
right over there--
Well, you live
fourth floor,
apartment 4-G.
Thanks.
Harry.
so concerned.
Don't look
going to work out.
Everything's
You have a wonderful job,
a beautiful fiancée.
going to be fine.
Everything is
Trust me.
Hmm?
( door closes )
Hello? Who's there?
LIBBY:
It's just me, Libby.
Harry?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm fine.
a little warm.
You feel
God, you're tense.
Why don't you tell me
what happened today.
Nothing.
Everything.
what happened.
I'm not sure
forget about work.
Harry...
You're home now.
Try to relax.
What can I do to help?
tell me you love me.
Just...
( chuckles )
I tell you that
every day.
sick of hearing it?
Aren't you getting
No.
In fact...
pretend I haven't
heard you say it
in a long time.
seen each other for months.
Pretend that we haven't
Okay.
I love you, Harry.
Welcome home.
So...
each other for months...
if we haven't seen
where have you been?
on a starship.
Oh...
light years away.
Thousands of
A mission?
Yeah.
We got a little lost.
Aww.
Sounds lonely.
You can't imagine.
Tell me something.
Hm?
You didn't stop at Risa
along the way, did you?
No.
excursions, I'm afraid.
No pleasure planet
You thought about me
the whole time?
Every day.
Every nanosecond.
Do me a favor.
Hm?
leave me again.
Don't ever
"Orlando, Parsons, Peterson,
Platt, Porter..."
Wait a minute-- Paris.
Where's Tom Paris?
Computer, access
service record
of Starfleet officer
Thomas Eugene Paris.
"Convicted of treason.
"Sentenced to 18 months
"at the New Zealand
penal settlement.
"Paroled on stardate 48702.
Last reported whereabouts:
Marseille, France."
Harry?
in the morning.
It's 4:00
What are you doing?
Oh, I couldn't sleep.
catch up on some work.
So I thought I'd
going to tell me
When are you
what's going on?
There's nothing going on, okay?
You're not a very good liar,
Harry.
You've been acting strange
all day
and I'm not the only one
who's worried about you.
Lieutenant Lasca called
this afternoon.
seen you so agitated.
He said he's never
So don't tell me there's
nothing going on.
Libby...
explain right now
it's hard to
but I need you to trust me.
and I do want to tell you,
I do trust you.
I love you.
I'm marrying you.
That's why
have the same trust in me.
I would hope you would
All right.
This...
this is going to sound
a little crazy
from your perspective
but I am not who
you think I am.
Oh?
All of this--
it's not supposed
to be happening.
I don't belong here.
If you're having
second thoughts
why didn't you just say so?
about getting married,
You don't understand.
What I'm trying to say is...
I'm from another reality.
Another reality?
That's right.
Harry, you're starting
to scare me.
I'm scared too.
I know.
Maybe you should talk
to a counselor...
a neurologist.
There may be something
wrong with you.
I will.
But there's someone else
I need to see first.
Where are
you going?
Marseille, France.
What for?
I've got to see Paris.
But, you just said...
you were going
to Marseille.
It's a long story.
Trust me.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey, watch it, will you?
MAN:
I'm trying to set up
a shot here.
Tom.
Who the hell are you?
You don't know
me, do you?
Sure. We were at the academy
together, right?
No.
have been the Exeter.
Oh. Well, it must
the Exeter together?
We served on
Try Voyager.
Ah... Voyager.
Well, sorry to disappoint
you, but...
...I never set foot
on that ship.
I can't say that I'm sorry
considering what
happened to it.
You know about the mission
to the badlands?
Oh, yeah.
Captain Janeway asked if
I'd help her track down
that Maquis ship
release from the penal colony.
in exchange for an early
But you said no?
Are you kidding?
I said yes.
Sounded better than
Starfleet rehab.
Anyway, I got as far
as Deep Space Nine, where I got
into a bar fight with a Ferengi
and I was thrown
into the brig
by a very unpleasant
shapeshifter.
to get me released
Janeway tried
but my parole was revoked
by Starfleet Command.
Voyager left without me.
That Ferengi, was he trying
to sell you Lobi crystals?
Yeah.
How do you know
about that?
Because I was there--
In my reality, anyway.
Tom, I know this is going
to sound crazy,
but I was on Voyager,
and so were you.
You never got into a bar
fight with that Ferengi.
You stopped him from
selling me Lobi crystals.
And you did lead us
into the badlands.
That does sound crazy.
You're right.
Something's happened.
Somehow reality has
been changed--
a temporal anomaly,
an alien influence--
I can't explain how.
that it's true.
All I know is
I was in a shuttlecraft
heading back to Voyager
and then I woke up here,
on earth.
What is it you want?
Starfleet Headquarters.
Come with me to
a computer simulation
Help me run
of what happened
on that shuttle.
You're the best pilot
I've ever seen.
figure it out, it's you.
And if anyone can
( snickering )
( laughing )
God...
You... you had me there
for a minute.
but then you blew it.
You really did,
What are you talking about?
You're not getting me
Starfleet headquarters.
to set foot inside
So you tell whatever admiral
or captain who sent you
that I'm not interested in
being another pawn in
one of their games.
It's not a game!
Oh, it isn't?
Oh, that's a shame.
I like games.
You once told me
that you used to treat life
like one big game--
Rules, players.
Winners, losers.
any of it seriously
You never took
until you lost.
You know, you're starting
to annoy me.
You also told me you were afraid
of what would happen to you
Captain Janeway up on her offer.
if you didn't take
Now I see why.
What do you see...
Ensign?
and a drunk.
A loser...
I guess in this reality
that's all you'll ever be.
What's going on?
Harry, just relax.
Why does everyone say relax
when they're about to do
something terrible?
what you've been doing.
Starfleet knows
Which is what, exactly?
Breaking into classified files
security access codes.
using forged
I haven't forged anything.
And I can explain.
That's why we're here.
We're going to take you back
to Starfleet Headquarters.
They want to ask you
a few questions.
just go with them.
Harry, please--
Tell them what
you told me.
Everything will be alright.
I don't think I have a choice
at the moment.
I'll see you later.
You claim to have Voyager
security protocols
an officer on Voyager.
because you were
Yes, sir.
Lost in the Delta Quadrant.
And Ensign Daniel Byrd--
you say that he's taken
your place on that ship?
Yes, sir.
And this is all because...
reality has been
changed somehow?
Yes, sir.
a single shred of evidence
But you don't have
your claims.
to back up
( door opens )
doubt for a minute
Harry, I don't
that you believe you're
telling the truth
but we have to consider
all the possibilities.
Like what?
Like you could
be delusional
or you could have had your
memory centers altered
you're saying is the truth
so that you think what
masquerading as Harry Kim.
or you could be an alien
That's crazy.
I am Harry Kim.
if you don't believe me.
Check my DNA
Run a microcellular scan of
my cerebral cortex to see
my memory's been altered.
I'm saying is true.
Everything
Mr. Kim, why did you travel
to Marseille, France
this morning?
I went to look up an old friend.
poor taste in friends.
You have
is a convicted traitor
Thomas Paris
and a Maquis
sympathizer.
talk about with him?
Now, what did you
I tried to tell him
what's happened.
I wanted his help.
His help?
To run a shuttle simulation?
Why?
To figure out how I got here,
and how I can get back.
There must be temporal anomaly
somewhere, or...
You think I'm a spy, don't you?
You think I'm working
for the Maquis.
We're here to find
the truth, Ensign.
whatever that might be.
That's it.
I'm not answering
any more questions
until I have legal counsel.
You have that right.
Harry, we want to help you,
but try to understand.
What you are telling us
doesn't make much sense.
that you have been seen
All we know so far is
Maquis criminal
talking with a
classified Starfleet records.
and you've broken into
Until there is something else--
something concrete
those are the fact
in this case
the facts look pretty bad.
and you have to admit
We will be monitoring
your movements
STRICKLER:
until further notice.
I believe you know
the restrictions.
No off-world travel,
and if you tamper
with the anklet
immediately alerted
security will be
formally charged.
and you will be
Do you understand?
Yes, admiral.
We'll be spending a lot
time together, Ensign,
and I assure you,
to the bottom of this.
we will get
You're dismissed.
Troubles, Harry?
You could say that.
Let's have some coffee.
I was sent here to watch you--
that you were all right.
to make sure
But now it's clear
that you are not.
Who are you?
We exist in what
you would call
a temporal inversion fold
in the space-time matrix.
It's not necessary
to understand.
there was an accident.
It only matters that
Your shuttle intersected
one of our time-streams
and... boom!
A few things were altered
of the accident.
as the result
were scrambled a bit
History and events
and you ended up here.
Well, you've got
to get me back.
we don't know how.
Ah...
What?
an accident occurred.
We only know that
We don't know how or why.
Well, that's not good enough.
something we can do.
There's got to be
time-stream of yours?
Where is this
Maybe I can use it to get back.
Mmm...
the time-stream weaves through
the galaxy like a thread.
I could show you how to find it
and you could try to recreate
the conditions that existed
before the accident
but there's no guarantee
and fly back into it,
what will happen to you
if you do.
What do you mean?
to change reality again
Well, you may be able
but there's no way to predict
how it would change.
You could end up at any point
in the space-time continuum.
your original reality
You might return to
find yourself
or you might
a billion years in the future
before sentient life
or at some time
even existed on your planet.
to take that chance
I guess I'll have
I have to get back.
because somehow
Are you so sure?
This is a pretty good
place for you, Harry.
You have a wonderful
job with Starfleet,
a beautiful woman
who loves you.
Why be so quick to turn your
back on all this?
Maybe this is your... fate?
Isn't that the word
your people use?
was meant to be? Hmm?
That thing which
actually a very lucky man.
Seems to me you're
What about Danny Byrd?
He isn't so lucky.
And Tom Paris?
Fate wasn't so kind to him.
No.
It isn't supposed
to be this way.
I'm supposed to be on Voyager
in the Delta Quadrant,
and that's where
I have to go.
Very well.
where the time-stream
This will tell you
region of space.
intersects this
as I can do for you.
That's as much
Thanks.
Good luck,
Harry Kim of Voyager.
You're going to need it.
you decide to stay.
Unless, of course,
in the morning, same time--
In which case I'll see you
Vulcan mocha, extra sweet.
( chuckling )
Libby...
I didn't hear you come in.
Obviously.
You're in enough trouble
as it is.
What do you want them to do,
put you in prison?
No.
I'm just trying to get back
to where I belong.
Where you belong.
belonged here with me.
You used to say you
But I guess everything's
changed, hasn't it?
Look...
I know the last few days
must have been pretty
tough on you--
Do you?!
Do you really know
what it's like
when the person you love
suddenly changes?
It's still me--
the guy who was
the Ktarian music festival.
in your seat at
The guy who took three weeks
to work up the courage
to ask you out.
The guy who still wakes up
in the middle of the night
and says your name out loud
hoping you'll answer back.
But if you're really Harry,
be trying so hard
you wouldn't
to get away from me.
to get away from you.
I'm not trying
I love you.
And I promise you I want to stay
here more than anything.
But I can't.
I don't understand.
I don't understand any of this.
anybody knows me
I don't think
as well as you do.
people should know
So you of all
my mind about something
that once I've made up
I can't let it go.
In some ways...
to forget about Voyager
it'd be a lot easier
just settle in here
and build a life...
but that wouldn't be me.
getting the Harry Kim
You wouldn't be
you fell in love with.
Does that make any sense?
( beeping )
The tampering alarm.
Security will be
here any second.
I'd better go.
I promise you, I'm going
to try to get back.
It may take a while
but I swear I will try.
and I may not make it,
Sorry.
( grunting )
Hold it!
Get up!
Excuse me.
PARIS:
There goes my bank shot.
What are you doing here?
Helping out a friend.
Let's go.
So how did you find me?
friends at Starfleet.
I still have a few
in some serious trouble.
They told me you were
Yeah. Starfleet thinks
I'm a Maquis spy.
I know the feeling.
really chafe, don't they?
Those security anklets
You're the last person
I expected to help me.
it's been a long time
Let's just say
about my future, including me.
since anybody gave a damn
supposed to be on Voyager
I don't know if I'm
like you've told me.
But it sounds a whole lot better
than the life I have here.
I'm willing to take
my chances, Ensign.
Call me Harry.
You always did.
before they find us.
It won't be long
We'd better keep moving.
get back to my reality.
Wait, I found a way to
The problem is I'll need
a ship to do it.
I think I have access
to a runabout,
but I'm going to have to break
it out of spacedock.
Sounds to me like
you need a pilot.
Know anyone who's qualified?
I know someone who used
to be pretty good
he still knows a few tricks.
and if I'm not mistaken,
Starfleet headquarters.
I have an office at
I think we can access
the runabout launch codes
from there.
Site-to-site
transporter.
With friends like mine,
you never know when
it'll come in handy.
Where's your office?
Main complex, level 6,
subsection 47.
I can beam us in, but we'll
only have a few minutes
before security starts
kicking down the door.
Let's do it.
So, Harry, once we're
on board the runabout,
what's the plan?
The alien said that
if I recreate
the conditions
of the accident
the time-stream,
and fly into
there's a chance I might be able
to get back into my reality.
Might?
He couldn't give me
any guarantees.
Security's just been alerted
to an unauthorized transport
in the building.
It'll take them another
20 seconds
to track it to this office.
How are you coming?
Almost there.
I've bypassed
security lock-outs.
the runabout
They're onto us.
We got to go.
Hold on. I've almost got it.
Now!
initialization codes.
Overriding
coming on-line.
Main power
those engines going.
Let's get
main fusion reactor.
Powering up
Intruder alert.
COMPUTER:
Unauthorized launch
in progress.
The space door is closing.
propulsion are on-line.
Warp core and main
Releasing docking clamps,
moorings cleared.
Here we go.
We're clear.
the coordinates
I'm entering
into the main computer.
of the time-stream
Adjusting course to match,
going to full impulse.
on our tail, nebula class.
We've got a starship
I'll try to lose them, Harry,
but they're a lot faster
than we are.
Attention runabout Yellowstone.
MAN:
Power down your engines
or we will open fire.
everything they can to stop us.
They're going to try to do
to steal this prototype.
They think we're trying
to 5,000 kilometers.
They're closing
Shields down to 70%.
50%.
29%.
I thought you said this ship
was new and improved.
It is.
But it looks like they haven't
finished working on
the defensive systems.
In fact,
some of the safety interlocks
aren't even in place.
A few more of those hits
and I don't--
antimatter containment.
We're losing
stabilize the field.
Attempting to
coordinates of the time-stream.
We're approaching the
The containment field
is weakening.
We could be looking
at a core breach.
to 3,000 kilometers.
The ship's closing
shake them off,
If we can't
them down a little.
maybe we can slow
is equipped with
This runabout
So?
tetrion plasma warp nacelles.
multiflux gamma radiation.
Tetrion plasma emits
It disrupts subspace.
the warp plasma.
We could vent
The second they hit
the plasma cloud,
their engines would stall,
It would give us a few seconds
of breathing room.
Exactly.
Unlocking the warp
drive manifold.
Venting drive plasma.
Any second...
to one-tenth impulse.
They've dropped
Our containment field's
at critical.
We'd better hurry.
All right, let's recreate
my shuttle accident.
I think I was traveling
at 140,000 KPH.
You think?
Look, that was another lifetime.
I'm doing the best I can.
Increasing speed
to 140,000 KPH.
running a polaron scan.
Now, I also remember
was sweeping at a radius
The scanning beam
of half a million
kilometers.
a quarter million.
No, wait...
Activating polaron scan.
That should do it.
Approaching coordinates.
Impact in four...
three...
two...
Did we miss it?
We passed through
the coordinates,
but the runabout
was unaffected.
has repowered its engines.
The starship
in under a minute.
They'll be here
I have to get into
that time-stream.
Wait a minute.
I'm forgetting something.
The emergency transport.
I remember hearing
The last thing
was Captain Janeway's
com voice.
She said she was trying to beam
me off the shuttle.
to beam off the ship.
That's it. I've got
Are you crazy?
We have to recreate
all the conditions
including that one.
of the accident--
antimatter containment.
We just lost
to core breach.
25 seconds
I've locked onto
the time-stream.
Get on the
transporter pad.
Not yet, the core's breaching.
We've got to shut
it down first.
There's no time!
in another 30 seconds.
That ship'll be here
In 15 seconds, this ship
is going to explode.
You'll be killed.
then things will be changed
Look, if you're right,
back to the way they're
supposed to be,
and you'll find me
back on Voyager.
if this doesn't work
And if I'm wrong,
you'll be blown up
right here.
Go!
Voyager to Shuttlecraft Drake.
JANEWAY:
for emergency transport.
Prepare
Mr. Kim, can you hear me?
to lock on to you... Harry?
We're attempting
Kim here, captain.
to drop your shields.
Harry, we need you
Stand by.
Shields down, captain.
Lieutenant.
The anomaly is sending out
heavy subspace distortions.
a positive lock on him.
I can't get
to buckle under the stress.
The hull is starting
He won't survive much longer.
the transporter signal?
Tuvok, can you boost
Negative. The signal is
at maximum gain.
Ten seconds to hull breach.
He's just out
of reach.
B'elanna, can you tie
the transporter
directly into the main
deflector dish.
Use it to extend
the signal.
I'll try.
Hull breach in progress.
We've got him, Captain.
analyze the sensor logs.
Mr. Chakotay,
I want to know what
happened out there.
Aye, captain.
transporter room two.
Voyager to
Are you all right,
Mr. Kim?
I think so, captain.
KIM:
Is Lieutenant Paris there?
Yes, he's here. Why?
It's a long story.
I look forward
to hearing it.
I'll be in my ready room.
your shuttlecraft
We think
was caught in some kind
of temporal anomaly.
A time-stream?
Yes, you could
call it that.
briefed, commander.
I've already been
Welcome back.
Kind of a rough ride, huh?
What is it, Harry?
I owe you one.